hi everyone I'm back today with a makeup
tutorial this is the makeup that I wore
for my birthday I'll insert a picture
over here of what it looked like I got
loads of requests to do this look it's
really similar to another one I did but
I changed up a little bit so if you want
to see this tutorial then just keep
watching to start off this look I'm
gonna use my primer and illuminator this
will make my foundation stay all day
long and give me a nice chewy finish
underneath I apply that to my whole face
and blend it outwards then taking my
favorite foundation everyone asks me
what it is it's the Chanel aqua Lumiere
I love it so much it gives flawless
coverage it stays my all day and I
really really like it I'm using my blank
canvas brush the f24 and then for my
under eye circles and any redness or
blemishes I am obsessed with the
Maybelline eraser eye it's amazing for
cream highlighting I love it's almost
and blends in so well and blends into my
foundation amazing I do that down the
center of my face and underneath my eyes
in an upside down triangle and then I
just blended it with this smile duo
fibre brush from Nemo brush this brush
is amazing it's so teeny-tiny and it
gets into all those little places where
you want then I'm going to do a little
bit of cream contouring with my Chanel
salaita tan I love this bronzer so much
it's a cream consistency it works that
everybody's skin tone depending on their
skin tone and a blends and so nicely it
looks a little bit harsh when I apply it
but once I start to blend it out it
looks so good I think it looks really
natural the more you blend it out and
then I go back in with my foundation
brush just to blend them in together and
make it look more seamless and not as
fake to set my under eye concealer now
to use my Ben Nye powder and love this
powder so much for underneath my eyes it
just brings more highlight to that areas
and stops the concealer from creasing
I'm gonna go in to set my whole
foundation with my bourgeois healthy
balance powder I've been loving this
recently I'm using that with Mike so sue
me powder brush from crown I find this
one so amazing and soft
up next is a bit of powder contouring
i'm gonna use my luck my last my NARS
Laguna bronzer which I'm obsessed with
you all know because I use it in every
single video but it just gives a really
nice glow to my skin and it works really
well with my skin tone then for a bit of
NARS orgasm on top of that oh my god I
just love it so much I haven't found a
blush that I love as much as orgasm and
all the hype about it was so right then
using my well-loved sleek brow kit
everybody asks me what I use my brows
it's always the sleek brow kit sometimes
I throw in a bit of English gel eyeliner
but nine times out of 10 it's this sleek
broker so it has a powder formula and a
gel which I like to use on my brows I
also have HD brows that need to be done
soon they're so annoying but basically I
go with my natural hair line and growth
and just fill in any sparse areas it's
so important to prime your eyelids I
love the Urban Decay primer potion in
Eden because it has a bit of a color and
it cancels out any of that purple or
redness on my lids and it holds my
eyeshadow in place all day long using
the lorac Pro which I love so much I'm
gonna take taupe on a fluffy brush from
crown brush and blend that softly into
my crease first just to define my crease
and it's just easier to work with my
eyes when I define my crease first I go
back and forth and really blend it out
to make it look really natural and a
nice gradual fade I've been doing this
step a lot lately I've been using a coal
I pencil underneath my lower lash line
and then blending it out it just makes
your eyeshadow stay a lot longer and be
more powerful and vibrant underneath
there I also tight lined and lined my
waterline this just makes my eyes stand
out a bit more and gives more volume to
my lashes I just blended that out with a
flat matter brush I went back in with
some more of the taupe color and I mixed
in some of the marv shade as well into
my crease
and just gone back and forth with the
eyeshadows to really build up the
intensity and then taking my fluffy
brush this has no product on it at all
and just going back and forth and
blending out next I took a dome-shaped
brush this is really stiff and it gets
really into the lower lash line
I took stable and a little bit of
espresso from my lorac Pro and I blended
that in and it gives a really nice smoky
effect to my lower lash line once I
build up the intensity and blend it out
nicely and then I bring it up into my
crease as well next I took juror line
from engli and my Mac vanilla pigment
and applied that to my lid I applied the
juror line first to help the pigment
stick then I lined my top lash line with
my English gel eyeliner and this nema
brush the eyeliner brush oh my god this
is my new favorite brush for eyeliner it
makes it applying eyeliner so much more
easier than before and ever before it's
literally saved my eyeliner days I love
it so much I put some of that English L
eyeliner into my waterline as well
because it will not budge it's
waterproof and it stays all day I then
took a shadow brush and the cream shade
and highlight it underneath my brow and
I took that down into my inner corner as
well to really brighten up my eyes I
applied some lashes these ones are from
the vintage cosmetic company they're
brand new lashes they're the Nancy
lashes and I used the new little
tweezers like off from the same company
I leave their website below then I
scrubbed my lips with my favorite lip
scrub just because I like to have fresh
lips when I'm putting on some lippy I'm
taking soar from Mac and my favorite
gloss at the moment from Victoria's
Secret's in Kandy something this lip
combination is my life right now I use
it nearly every day I just think it's
really natural but it just makes my lips
look fuller and I love it so much the
glass smells amazing when I use it on
clients they're like oh my god the smell
of that is gorge I love this combo so
much so that is my birthday look this is
my go-to look for most nights I just
love the lorac Pro palette it's a must
I hope you like that tutorial if you did
give it a thumbs up don't forget to
subscribe and follow me on social media
a daily blouse over my snapchat I'll put
a picture of my snapchat up here you can
go follow me and that's about it thanks
for watching I'll talk to you soon bye
hi everyone I'm back today with a Q&A
video I put a picture of yesterday on
Instagram and I have already over 70
questions